you headed Bob um not you it's been way
too long since I've done a video and I'm
so sorry about that but today I'm doing
smokey eyes using just the naked one and
the Naked basics palette because I've
already made a smokey eyes tutorial on
the naked too so I'm starting off with
buck and placing that in my crease using
an e25 brush from Sigma I'm just placing
that in my crease after transition color
and to prep for my darker outer corner
I'm using dark horse and just placing
that underneath that crease color
focusing it for into my outer corner so
confuse that would normally flow for to
really smell got the look i'm using the
color creep which is just a sparkly
black and just placing that on top of
that dark horse and make sure to really
blend in with that the end of the tape
so it's a really sharp and for sure
sighs precise line sorry and now for the
lid color i'm taking a gun metal which
is a red metal color
and yeah I'm just listen that all over
the lid using um what is it patting
motions and then I'm just doing any
touch-ups and really smoking that out
now I'm taking naked to just really
blend everything together seven you
always on my brain I can't really put my
finger on it but you got me as I
highlight the inner corners and my brow
bone i'm using the colored version with
the flat shader brush once i took off
that tape you can see that there's a
very sharp and precise line so I'm
thinking this deluxe creature Creek
crease brush and using it somewhat like
an eraser it really helps blend out that
harsh line
well I already prime my eyes so now i'm
taking the naked basics and starting
with that smoky eye um i started by
placing faint into my crease but before
that you should place the tape and I
found these eyeshadows really difficult
to blend with so that sucks I'm taking
that same um brush and just dusting it
off i'm using make it to to help blend
that free color
to smoke it out i'm using crave and just
placing that in the outer corner
gotta keep myself in check some for our
lid color I'm using the color Venus and
just placing that all over my legs the
fancy outfits in the sparkly Awards my
name is less the people end up at the
door but I gotta remember and take it
one step at a time people say it's a
boon for a subtle highlight and you seen
the color wls or walk oisin just placing
that on my brow bone let's do any
touch-ups you may need and we're done
with the ice shadows now I already
applied my foundation concealer primer
and all of that off a camera beautiful
yeah yeah contour i'm using my NYC
bronzer and sunny starting from the top
of my ear and lining it up with the end
of my mouth i can make a difference for
more of a natural flush color I'm using
soap so stable by L'Oreal just focusing
down the apples of my cheeks blending it
into my club tour now to highlight I'm
using benefits what's up highlighter and
just focusing that on the highest point
of my face which are the tops of my
cheekbones um down the bridge of my nose
and my keep it slow
but i'm living
I'm not waiting for the confetti for
need left i'm using l'oreal colour riche
lipstick and cheer linen and that's the
finished look I hope you guys enjoy and
i'll see you in my next video agios if
there was a rope stretching up to the